hello everyone today we are going to
make miso soup miso soup is a
traditional Japanese food which is
served with many Japanese meal
especially breakfast with rice I hope
you like it for this recipe you will
need miss up a firm tofu dashi broth
powder and 1 Cheryl prepare the
ingredients first cut 70 grams of tofu
into small cubes chop the shot finding
prepare two and a half tablespoons of a
missile face and one stick of dodgeball
put six hundred mils of water in
saucepan and place it on medium heat
cook the tofu in the water bring it to a
gentle boil reduce the heat and let it
limit now and half the stick of Turkey
and the mix of place
stir gently until it is well mixed add
that shuttle now come off the heat and
eat ready to serve immediately I gotta
hit the ducky mass mmm why she you have
to make the long make noise while
drinking soup yeah it's not polite
engine sounds okay and he's nicer really
okay like this oh very good hmm I like
it good don't forget to subscribe
thank you thank you thank you ah it's a
wrap